Update README to reactphp/http v1.0.0 (#20)
clue/reactphp-ssh-proxy: README.md

### HTTP requests

> This library also provides you with the usage of [HTTP requests through an SSH proxy server](https://github.com/reactphp/http#ssh-proxy).
> 
> To send out HTTP requests you have to add a dependency for [ReactPHP's async HTTP client](https://github.com/reactphp/http). You can then use this HTTP client in combination with the `SshSocksConnector`. This works for both plain HTTP and TLS-encrypted HTTPS requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library also allows you to send HTTP requests through an SSH proxy server.

In order to send HTTP requests, you first have to add a dependency for [ReactPHP's async HTTP client](https://github.com/reactphp/http#client-usage). You can then use this HTTP client in combination with the [`SshSocksConnector`](#sshsocksconnector) provided by this package. This allows you to send both plain HTTP and TLS-encrypted HTTPS requests like this:
```

Author: Your version sounds better, thanks for the advice :+1:

```php
$proxy = new Clue\React\SshProxy\SshSocksConnector('me@localhost:22', $loop);

$connector = new React\Socket\Connector($loop, array(
    'tcp' => $proxy,
    'dns' => false
));

> $browser = new React\Http\Browser($loop, $connector);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$browser = new React\Http\Browser($loop, $connector);
$browser->get('https://example.com/')->then(function (Psr\Http\Message\ResponseInterface $response) {
    var_dump($response->getHeaders(), (string) $response->getBody());
});
```
